(birds squawking)
You're disturbing
the fish.
It's January, dad.
They are long gone.
Just where do you
think they went?
South. Duh.
Can we go now?
(sighs)
My dad used
to bring me out here.
Health teacher says
abuse is passed down.
I'm just saying this
is a good time to talk,
Man to man.
About what?
School,
Girls...
Sex.
Oh, not this again.
I'm here for you.
Whoa.
Thing must be
a monster.
Shouldn't be afraid
to tell me things.
I'm not a virgin anymore.
What?!
(laughs)
I was just kidding.
Very funny.
(gasps):
Oh, my god!
There's probably
a dead guy down there.
Cool.
(indistinct chatter,
phone ringing)
Remember this?
Room service?
Ah, same undercover operation
where I wore this...
Briefly.
Uh, yeah.
How about this one?
(jamaican accent):
♪ from my perspective
♪ I see the woman
from the big jet plane ♪
♪ the woman look...
Oh, yeah, you guys
weren't there for that.
You know, I get
why they want to free up space
In the storage room, but...
Who's gonna want
any of this old junk?
I'm keeping
the soul patch.
(chuckles)
What's that?
I remember that case.
That's the pregnancy pact.
You looked good in that.
I still would.
I feel like
I'd remember these.
No, I wouldn't touch that.
I washed those, tony.
Both:
They're yours?
You two were not there for that.
Ziva:
Ooh! Finally!
I found something
a little bit more practical.
The matching bra?
Ziva:
Ha!
Wrong kind of padding.
Oh, come on,
when is there time to exercise?
Have you seen what
they did to the ncis gym?
Juice bar!
Nice!
Well, I make time
Outside of work--
it's a good habit
I picked up
from my time in mossad.
Never sweat
where you eat.
Wrong bodily function.
Gibbs:
Yeah, but it's the right idea.
Grab your gear.
Dead body in the potomac.
Getting a new belt, boss?
Nah, it's an old belt.
(sniffs)
Drug bust, '99.
Teenager:
It was so awesome.
When the cops got here,
they sent in these divers
Who found the body.
His jacket was
filled with rocks.
That's a total
body dump, right?
You watched all this?
So what? I'm 13.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
You know, if it
wasn't for me
And my dad, you guys would've
never found the dead dude.
Father:
Show some respect.
Sorry, we-we
shouldn't have stayed.
Are you kidding?
Dad, this is, like,
The most bad-ass thing
we've ever done together.
Yeah.
Thanks, dad.
Mcgee: Divers found
the victim's I.D. In a pocket.
Petty officer
second class luke grismer.
(helicopter hovering
in distance)
Ducky:
"keep this item carefully."
Mcgee: No one's
touched the ear
Since we've been here, doc.
I was quoting
The instructions
vincent van gogh
gave to a prostitute
When he handed her
his severed right ear.
Gardez cet objet soigneusement.
What'd he care?
He cut it off.
Yeah, well, historians
are now of the opinion
That the ear could have been
lost in a heated dispute
Between he and fellow painter
paul gauguin.
I'm more interested in
the dispute that someone
had with our victim.
You got a cause
of death, duck?
Well, I won't be sure
of that until I get
him back to autopsy.
However, these
gashes here,
On his head,
may explain
How the ear was pulled
so easily from his body.
Otherwise, the body's
in good condition.
The effect that cold water
has on preserving a body.
His dermis has not even
begun to decompose.
He hasn't been there long.
Less than two days.
Something wrong, boss?
Something's missing.
Didn't you just
say that this was
A petty officer second class?
There's only one chevron.
Well, no sailor
Would willingly give himself
a demotion.
Mcgee, run his print.
Are you aware
That van gogh's suicide
has also been called
Into question?
He was shot
In the stomach
and died two
days later.
Mcgee: Uh, boss, we
got a problem.
Fingerprints are catalogued
For all active service members,
but there's no match.
Not a petty officer
of any class...
He's not military at all.
Then why is he pretending to be?
Well, this is interesting.
(chuckles quietly)
Here it is, the jackpot.
Look what I found
in the last box.
Unless it is
The real identity of our victim,
I do not care.
What is it with you
and old photos lately?
Windows into our past.
They were fitting me
for the prosthetic, tony.
There's nothing
embarrassing
about it.
Oh, not embarrassing;
telling.
You're smiling.
(laughs)
Speaking of smiles,
I think mcgee has something.
Yeah, I got a lead on our body
From a metro
missing persons report.
Same build
and bone structure.
Hairline and color match.
Looks like our
lobe-less victim.
Mcgee:
Tyler wilkes was
reported missing
This morning, by his lawyer.
Wilkes.
That sounds familiar.
Been published
all over the world.
So he's a journalist.
He's more like
A government paparazzi.
Tony: So instead
of looking
For photos of kate middleton
with her top off,
He's trying to catch
the pentagon with
their pants down?
He sold photographs of
opium smuggling on foreign
army bases last year.
Ziva: They turned out to be
digitally altered, right?
Gibbs:
Damage was already done.
No one's willing
to hire him,
But they'll all run his stories.
A man like that could have
many enemies.
Even more if they found out
he was impersonating
navy personnel.
Wilkes had an article
due two days ago.
Drug use in
navy barracks.
What was his latest targets?
Lawyer said she didn't know
Who the story was about;
hadn't read it.
Dinozzo, david.
Start with the real
petty officer grismer.
Ziva: Find out why
wilkes had his I.D.
We need more
from the lawyer.
Boss, she actually
did mention something.
Wilkes has a
large birthmark
Just over the dimple
on his left buttock.
It's for body identification.
But-tock?
Buttock.
At the height of their rivalry
Between joseph pulitzer
and william randolph hearst,
Each ran a comic strip
featuring a character
Called the yellow kid.
Given both
editors' history
Of sensationalized
news coverage,
The term "yellow journalism"
was born.
Let me guess,
you're more interested
In this journalist's death?
Well, I was going to say
"black and blue journalism."
You made a joke.
You're correct in guessing
the cause of mr. Wilkes' death.
Not the head wounds?
No, no, no.
Those were postmortem,
Likely sustained when
the body was dragged along
By the current.
No, the actual cause of death
was exsanguination
From internal bleeding.
I found evidence
of multiple blows
To his chest,
Abdomen and groin.
Painful. Not deadly.
Unless you have...
Mononucleosis.
Victim had mono, duck?
Probably didn't know it.
While the outward signs
can mimic a moderate cold,
The internal results are
swollen glands and organs.
When he was attacked,
he received
A direct hit...
That split...
His already enlarged liver.
Death was an accident.
Perhaps, but...
Given the manner in which
the body was disposed,
Our killer not only knew
that this had become a homicide,
He tried to hide it.
Showed his true colors.
Yes, yellow.
(brief laugh, sigh)
Well, if it hadn't been
for the serendipitous...
Catch of the day,
This body, well, might not
have been found until spring.
(sighs) petty officer,
thanks for coming in.
I'm special
agent dinozzo.
I believe this
belongs to you.
Oh, man, you found it!
My chief would've
conniptioned if I had
to report I lost this puppy.
Whew! Saved me
a bunch of trouble.
Our pleasure.
So...
Thanks.
Hey!
Aren't you a
little curious
Why you're in an ncis
interrogation room?
Or... Why your I.D. Is...
In a sealed
evidence bag?
Uh, y-y...
Yeah, I guess
that's kind of weird.
What's going on?
Somebody was...
Trying to use it.
Really?
Man!
Y-you just want to warn me
about identity theft?
Because I'll make sure to
check on my credit and stuff.
Good. You do that.
But... Aren't you
a little curious
Who had it?
Well, I'm not
gonna press charges.
Well...
Yeah, but we have to,
'cause tyler
wilkes is dead.
Dead? Well, I didn't
kill... I...
I mean, who?
You're a fast learner, luke,
But if you lie again...
That bunch of trouble's
gonna come from more
than just your chief.
It was blackmail, man.
Wilkes said if
I loaned him my I.D.,
He'd keep me
out of his story.
About the drugs?
Whoa. I just
transferred to norfolk.
I don't know anything
about that.
Wilkes needed your
I.D. For a reason.
We look alike.
He said he wanted
to get into our barracks
For research.
Research on what?
I don't know.
Honestly.
But you can't tell the guys.
When they found out someone had
been going through their stuff,
They were angry enough
as it was.
Angry enough to kill?
(quiet, indistinct conversation)
(ziva sighs)
What's going on?
You tell me.
I came in,
and they were all together.
I told agent dorneget
to bring in
Grismer's roommates one by one.
I'm not sure he knew
we meant separately.
Well, maybe they
haven't had
The chance to get their
story straight yet.
Soldier:
If this is about some jerk
reporter going through
Our quarters, we don't
know anything.
And we don't care
what grismer told you.
(ziva sighs)
Grismer's the only one
missing, right?
So much for that.
Petty officer kelso,
you the leader
Of this, uh,
little gang?
Yeah, sure. So what?
So, that makes you
the lead suspect
In the murder of tyler wilkes.
Told you...
Kelso:
But if the guy's dead,
I guess we're not
Losing sleep, right?
All:
Right.
Wilkes was trying to
Embarrass the navy
with his story.
So you knew
what the story was about?
Don't you?
Gibbs: Well, I got
a good idea.
Drugs.
Not gonna let anyone
smear the navy.
I don't care
who talks.
I want answers.
Fine.
I killed wilkes.
Soldier 2:
No, I killed him.
It was me.
I did it.
Seems you have a problem.
Mcgee:
Boss, what do you
want us to do?
We can't arrest all of them.
Why not?
They confessed.
Put them in the
holding cell...
Until we can arrange a transfer.
That room's only meant
for one person.
Well, perhaps by morning,
they'll be willing to talk.
Is that legal?
(soldiers whispering
indistinctly)
So, what do you think?
Will they go quietly?
I was already planning on doing
some light cardio tonight.
Good workout, gus.
Sorry about the nose.
(chuckles)
(car engine starts)
(hebrew pop song
playing over earphone)
(chuckles)
No kiss for your father?
What are you doing here?
Come. Let's go for a drive.
(sighs)
Eli:
Someday you must give me
a proper tour of your city.
Perhaps when
it is warmer.
Where is your
protection?
They've usually given
themselves away by now.
That is why they do not know
I am in the country.
No one knows.
You're the director
of mossad, abba.
That is impossible.
(laughs)
ziva,
Nothing is impossible,
only difficult.
Which makes this officially
the stupidest thing
You've ever done.
Which is saying something.
Don't you remember the
last time you were here?
Yes. You said, "sometimes,
life surprises you."
Surprise.
What is your business here?
My daughter has made
no effort to visit me
In the last two years,
So I must go to her.
I am here for you, ziva.
(sighs)
How long have you been here?
I arrived this morning,
But waited until I knew
you were alone.
What if someone saw you?
(scoffs)
at your gym?
At all.
Surely you still have enemies
that want you dead.
You think?
(chuckles)
ziva...
I do not walk straight lines.
As your agent gibbs
would say,
"this is not
my first radio."
rodeo.
You could have
at least called.
I did not want to be refused.
There's no other reason
for your visit?
(sighs)
I promise you...
My intentions are honorable.
No one will know I was here.
Now, I have answered
all your questions.
(speaking hebrew)
(sighs)
(electronic music playing)
Whoa.
Trippy.
Abby?
Gibbs!
Look what mcgee found!
It's my spy glasses
From the first time
I went undercover.
Well, you never forget
your first time.
A lot's changed since then, huh?
Yeah, some things haven't.
What do you got?
Um, dna and fingerprint samples
From our holding-cell four.
Our clique of
confessed murderers
Are getting ripe
and restless.
Gibbs:
Victim's apartment?
Yeah, no sign
of a break-in
Or a struggle.
Hmm, don't have
a crime scene yet.
Yeah, or much
else, either.
I mean,
wilkes owns a cell phone,
A tablet computer,
a bunch of
High-end cameras,
and... They're missing.
Or destroyed.
Could be our best
shot to linking
The murder to our
stinky suspects.
Got a bolo on wilkes's car?
Uh, we're still
waiting for a hit.
Can I borrow gibbs
for just a moment?
Okay, but bring him back
when you're through.
Hmm.
(elevator shuts off)
What's up, ziva?
My father's in town.
He came to see me
last night.
Alone.
Even his own people
do not know he's here.
I know it sounds bad,
and this is the last thing
You want to deal with, but I...
...I did not want
to hide anything from you.
Why's he here?
Spend time with me.
Or so he says.
I know it sounds silly
when I say it out loud.
Not silly.
But suspect.
What do you want me to do?
Spend time with your father.
Really?
And keep me updated.
Of course.
Until we know for sure
what he's up to.
(elevator starts)
Are you going to tell
the director?
(intercom beeps)
Woman: Director,
I have your wife for you.
Jackie:
So, this is why you had to
be in the office so early?
Garfield ship nermal
to the kremlin again?
Lasagna shortage in damascus.
(chuckles)
What are you doing here?
You left before we could
talk this morning.
Well, you could have
just called.
True, but if I had
told your assistant
That the kids are spending the
night at a friend's tonight
And we have the whole
house to ourselves,
She might have
misunderstood.
And you didn't want that message
to get lost in translation.
Plus, I wanted to personally
convey the importance.
What's the occasion?
Us.
I'll clear my schedule.
(sultry laugh)
(phone ringing, vance grunts)
Better put out a memo.
Yeah?
Shmeil lives outside
Of tel aviv now,
in senior-living apartments.
But based on his level
of energy, and his, um,
Tolerance for alcohol,
you'd never know he's retired.
The old man has not changed.
(laughs)
He's no fan of yours.
Uh...
My fans become fewer by the day.
Now, this is what retirement
should look like.
That-that was not supposed
to be there.
I was... Undercover.
It's very convincing.
Did you mean your retirement?
Ah, ziva.
The world is changing.
And what about you?
You have disagreed with many of
my past decisions as a father,
And I have always hoped
to make up for it
When I am free
from this responsibility.
But judging from the way
you are looking at me,
Perhaps my sins are too great.
I think you're confusing
retiring with repenting.
Only the latter
makes any difference to me.
Then let this visit be
a first step to my redemption.
Was it a boy or girl?
It was not real.
I know, but what did you
tell people
When they asked you?
I said it was a girl.
Vance: What the hell's
he really doing here, gibbs?
Thought you'd have an idea.
I do. I don't like it.
Word at state has been
eli's on his way out at mossad.
Political climate's
changing in israel,
Eli's too old-school.
They're looking for
accountability.
As they should.
World's one incident away
from nuclear war.
Is eli david poking
the bear with a stick--
Including me.
Thought you two
were buddies.
I'm just asking him
for his car keys.
Won't go quietly.
That's what got me worried
about this little visit.
I was just on with a friend
at homeland security.
I asked about any high-level
threats in the capitol.
They know about eli?
No. He's flying
under everybody's radar.
But another name popped up.
Arash kazmi's in town.
Gibbs:
Iranian intelligence.
Vance:
Eli's new vevak contemporary.
The two of them grew up
on different sides
Of the same stretch
of the israel-palestine border.
Kazmi moved to tehran
when he was nine.
What's he doing in dc?
Stopover on his way back
from the un council.
Kazmi's first visit to the u.S.,
Eli just happens to be here.
Director david wants to prove
that he's still an asset.
By taking out
a high-level target.
Quickly
and quietly, gibbs.
You know you want to
ride shotgun, leon.
You gotta call it.
Shotgun.
(phone keypad beeping)
You have been playing with
your phone all afternoon.
A new boyfriend you
have not told me about
Or could it be
business-related?
Vance:
With you, it's always business.
Leon, my old friend.
A little bird must have
Told you of my visit.
Can't blame her.
On the contrary, agent gibbs.
I counted on
My daughter's
loyalty to you.
You do not know as much
as you think you do.
Won't let you kill him, eli.
I should hope not.
You're late.
Please...
Won't you
all come in?
But, uh, we do not
have much time.
Thank you for
coming, director.
They think I'm here to kill you.
A misunderstanding, I hope.
Otherwise, I have
made a grave mistake
In eluding my
security detail.
I believe you...
Owe me something.
Ah, yes.
Uh-uh.
(eli chuckles)
Eli:
Merely...
An olive branch.
Or rather its fruit.
Thank you. Huh?
(eli chuckles)
Mmm.
Mmm, mmm.
What is going on?
That's a damn good question.
Eli:
My apologizes, leon,
But I knew you would
never agree to this meeting
Or even believe
that it was possible.
Not without bloodshed.
We are here to
prove otherwise.
Mmm.
A taste of home.
Arash and I grew up on opposite
sides of the orchard
Where these olives
were grown--
The israeli-palestine border.
Neither side claimed the land,
so as children, we both
Picked the fruit.
Kazmi:
He was taller
than I was
And always managed to reach
the better harvest.
Borders have since changed...
As have allegiances.
Temperaments have not.
Israel remains too entitled.
Iran cannot force its
will upon the world.
Vance:
Not exactly inspiring
A chorus of "kumbaya."
We agree on very
little, but...
We recognize the need
for this kind of open
And honest dialogue.
Eli: Even if our
governments do not.
They don't.
Eli:
Which is why
We have risked
our lives
To make this possible.
If either of our nations knew,
we would both be dead.
So why do you need me?
You are aware that my position
in mossad is uncertain.
I know this because you have
stopped taking my calls.
You were always
the better politician.
And you want me
to use those skills
To make sure you stay in power.
Not asking much, are you, eli?
Kazmi: This could be
the difference
Between war...
Or not.
Leon, my friend...
...You and I were forged
in blood,
But peace can be our legacy.
I'll do what I can.
Thank you.
I must go.
My absence will be noticed.
Of course.
(lock clicks open)
(door opens)
(lock clicks)
I'm not sure what just happened.
That makes two of us.
The first step to redemption.
(phone ringing)
Yeah, mcgee.
Mcgee:
We found our victim's car
In an off-airport
parking lot at reagan.
No video security and
airlines have no record
Of anyone flying under the names
wilkes or grismer.
Based on the broken
driver's-side window
And the victim's
blood on the floor,
The fight started
at the parked car.
We got our crime scene.
Abby:
That's not all we got.
We also found
all of the victim's stuff,
Including his camera.
Unfortunately, the memory card
was wiped clean.
Likely the work of
whoever killed wilkes.
Abby:
But what the killer
didn't know
Is that the memory card
is wi-fi enabled.
That a good thing?
Mcgee:
The memory card
Automatically
uploads photographs
To the user's phone--
Or, in this case, the tablet
We found under the backseat--
Using a wi-fi or
cellular signal.
Auto backup.
The photos the victim took
before he was killed.
Mcgee:
No clear shot of the face, but
it's definitely the same person.
We could be looking at why
wilkes didn't get on that plane.
Mcgee: Or maybe the
killer himself.
Got an I.D.?
Abby: Uh, all we've got
so far is his coat
And his... Hat,
Sold at... Probably every
department store everywhere
And impossible to track.
But we'll try.
Do it.
(door closes)
Hey! (chuckles)
You're home early.
I haven't even had time
to put dinner in the oven.
Or change clothes.
You have to work late?
No, no, I'll be home for dinner.
But...
Is that wine kosher?
What's eli doing here?
You wouldn't believe it
if I told you,
But he and I need to
talk unofficially.
Beltway burger on 36th
has a drive-through.
But it doesn't
have you.
Or your mother's recipe
for baked chicken.
(sighs)
It's important.
Always is.
What time's dinner?
Sundown.
Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah.
We'll still have the house to
ourselves after dinner, right?
You had your shot, baby.
Hm.
Been digging through
wilkes' tablet, boss.
Found a draft of his latest
story, explains his mo.
Let's hear it.
Well,
Our shady reporter was using
the look-alike I.D.
To fly standby
on military cargo planes.
Wilkes, posing
as grismer,
Was supposed to get on a flight
the day he was killed.
But the mystery hat guy
Is not one of our
"I am spartacus" quartet.
Our petty officers had already
reported back to norfolk.
Yeah? Why'd they lie?
Um... Wilkes' story details
the drug addiction
Of a former rack mate.
He's already getting treatment.
The navy knows
about the drugs.
Our fab four figured
if wilkes was already dead,
Didn't want to be the ones
to bring it up again.
So they copped
to the murder instead.
Not sure if that's
loyal or stupid.
It's both. Cut 'em loose.
Did you change clothes?
I have a dinner date.
Shabbat dinner?
But I have no idea what
or who you are talking about.
Just tell him
"agent meatball" says hi.
(chuckles)
He would not be joking with you
if he did not like you, tony.
Believe me.
What is that?
Tony:
Wilkes' killer.
Sort of.
Why? Did we miss something?
Ziva...
It's nothing.
We're here if you need us.
(elevator bell chimes)
You have been very quiet.
Do you want to tell me what
has changed since this morning?
Wait.
Did you lie about when you
arrived in the country?
What is this about?
Ziva:
The truth.
Ziva, the truth has many faces.
Tell me about this one.
I wanted you
in that room today, ziva.
More than vance.
Wilkes recognized you and
Started taking pictures
of you, did he not?
I wanted to put an end to
your perpetual suspicion of me.
So you followed him to the car
and you took his camera.
I wanted you
to look at me
Like you did
when you were a child.
With pride.
I saw that briefly today.
He fought back.
It was an accident.
But you knew if word got out
that you were here,
It would ruin everything
you came to do.
I came to show you the good.
I needed to protect that.
An innocent
man is dead.
You disposed of his body,
And you lied about it.
Yes, I did.
Why is that the only part
of this that you can see?
Because you were right.
Your sins are too great.
Ah.
So be it.
But will you please...
Sit across from me
at the dinner table
One last time?
Thanks.
Here you go.
No, thank you.
You have gone out of your way
in welcoming me, jackie.
The candles, the meal.
Truly a shabbat feast.
Jackie:
The magic of internet
Research.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
You even have the challah.
Store-bought since
This was all last minute.
I have caused you trouble.
To clean slates.
For all of us.
Eli:
Forgive me, leon, but
The blessing before we drink.
Oh, uh, it's hard
to keep it all straight.
No, no, no. Ziva used to
Say the same thing
when she was young.
But the purpose
of these traditions is
To always remind us
of what god has given.
Life, freedom
And family.
(scoffs)
(keypad beeping)
(line ringing)
(sighs)
Ziva.
My father killed tyler wilkes.
(rapid gunfire)
oh!
Gibbs (over phone):
Ziva!
(tires squealing)
(engine revving)
Federal agent! Stop!
(car door closes)
(tires squealing,
engine revving)
(grunting)
(tires squealing)
(engine revving,
tires squealing)
(engine revving)
(tires squealing)
(dog barking)
Hands in the air!
(phone ringing)
Gibbs.
What happened?
Ziva:
I do not know.
I saw the shooter
and went after him.
Get back to the house.
The shooter is wounded, gibbs.
I'm not gonna lose him.
I'm coming to you.
(tires squealing)
Mcgee:
Tony.
Call an ambulance.
(tires screech)
(sirens approaching)
You okay?
I'm fine.
He's not.
Gibbs:
Stopped to rest.
When a wounded animal
has lost too much blood,
It knows it can no longer run.
Yeah, so he hides.
Yeah.
(sirens approaching)
(whispers):
Got blood.
Director vance?
Vance:
Dinozzo.
You're bleeding.
It's not mine.
I need more towels!
(helicopter approaching)
Vance:
Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
(helicopter hovering)
(labored breathing)
Gibbs:
Federal agents!
Ziva:
We know you're in there!
We're coming in!
Keep your hands
where we can see them!
(forcing door open)
(door squeaking)
(sighs)
Hands!
I did not expect you
to come after me.
Rather than checking
on your father.
What about him?
Who are you?
A man with one last job to do.
Do you have a light?
There's poison
in the cigarette.
Gibbs:
Spit it out.
(groaning)
Put him on the side.
Get him on his side.
Don't die.
Don't... Die!
Don't... Die.
(ziva grunts)
(grunting):
Ben kelev.
Hey!
That's enough. Let's go.
(siren blaring)
(indistinct chatter)
(tires screech)
Mcgee.
The director just left
in the ambulance.
He's okay,
but mrs. Vance was hit.
Not sure how bad.
What about my father?
Mcgee...
(siren whoops)
No.
Abba!
Abba...!
(crying)
Who did this?
(ziva sobbing)
(praying in hebrew)
(ziva continues
praying in hebrew)
(praying in hebrew)
(phone ringing)
(beeps)
(siren wails in distance)
Any word on mrs. Vance?
Still in surgery.
Oh.
It's been two hours.
He hasn't moved.
He hasn't answered
his phone, either.
Secnav's started calling me.
Did you answer?
No.
I didn't know what to tell him.
He wasn't supposed
to know eli david was in town.
No one was.
You know, if the wrong people
found out what happened,
This could be taken
as a declaration of war.
Maybe that's what it is.
Israel-iran.
U.S.-Iran.
U.S.-Israel.
Tony?
We came as soon
as we heard.
Ah.
Let's wait
in the lobby.
Good idea.
(sighs)
(phone ringing)
(beep)
(phone beeps off,
snaps shut)
Leon?
She's dead.
My wife is dead, gibbs.
Captioning sponsored by
cbs
Captioned by
media access group at wgbh
access.Wgbh.Org